Update packaging existing software tutorial (#695)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/learning-journey/packaging-existing-software.md

### Hello, World!
GNU Hello is an implementation of the "hello world" program, with source code accessible [from the GNU Project's FTP server](https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/hello/).

> Every derivation needs a package name and version, so to begin, you should add a `pname` attribute and a `version` string to the set passed to `mkDerivation`.

Reviewer: Nitpick: both `pname` and `version` are attributes. Referring to one as an attribute and the other as a string is slightly misleading.

Author: ```suggestion
Every derivation needs a package name and version, so to begin, you should add `pname` and `version` attributes to the set passed to `mkDerivation`, setting these to appropriate strings.
```

Good point. How about this?

Reviewer: Looks good to me 👍

The most recent version of `hello` available on the FTP server is 2.12.1.

:::{note}

> For historical reasons, Nix uses the `pname` and `version` attributes to construct a `name` attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For historical reasons, Nix uses the `pname` and `version` attributes to construct a `name` attribute passed to the underlying call to [`builtins.derivation`]().
```

Please add a link to the Nix manual

}
```

Now is a good time to change the `version` string also.

To avoid repeating yourself, and to make later updates to the package a little bit easier, you should set the `version` to `0.5` and then use [string interpolation](https://nix.dev/tutorials/first-steps/nix-language#string-interpolation) in the `rev` attribute passed to `fetchFromGitHub`.

> For `version` to be accessible to `rev`, the attribute set passed to `stdenv.mkDerivation` must be [*recursive*](https://nix.dev/tutorials/first-steps/nix-language#recursive-attribute-set-rec), so you should also add the `rec` keyword to avoid seeing `error: undefined variable 'version':

Reviewer: It may be better practice to use a `let` binding instead of `rec` since `rec` can make it hard to trace data flow.

Author: Normally I would, but last time I submitted, I was [told not to use `let`](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/239035#discussion_r1240091786) :upside_down_face:

Author: Ah, so we're actually supposed to do [this](https://nixos.org/manual/nixpkgs/stable/#mkderivation-recursive-attributes)

Reviewer: Sigh

Maybe you're "supposed" to do the last one, but that's so much more complicated than the other solutions that I'm inclined to say just throw your hands up and use `rec`.

Reviewer 2: `finalAttrs` is absolutely the right way to do it and severely underdocumented. In suppose has to be taught somewhat separately because it's tied into overrides, but for now we could do a compromise and use either let or rec with a note that there also exist finalAttrs, and then later reorder the tutorials to start with consuming existing packages. Since I took it upon me to extend the curriculum running into these issues is valuable input.
